[DataTable] Update `DataTable` summary row implementation to support `columnContentTypes` (#7693)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/brave-ways-carry.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

> Fixes bug where `DataTable` summary row would not properly inherit type defined in `columnContentTypes` prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where `DataTable` summary row would not properly inherit type defined in `columnContentTypes` prop
```
